Umbraco Commerce Release notes + Webhooks docs (#5710)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-commerce/key-concepts/webhooks.md

---
description: Webhook configuration in Umbraco Commerce.
---

# Webhooks

> Umbraco Commerce makes use of the webhooks feature added in Umbraco v13. [See the Webooks documentaition](/umbraco-cms/reference/webhooks) for general webooks configruation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Umbraco Commerce makes use of the webhooks feature added in Umbraco v13. See the [Webooks documentation](/umbraco-cms/reference/webhooks) for general webooks configuration.
```
